README.md, before:

# Coding projects
- Collection of code from assignments, practice problems, projects, and other course work.

## Code contained from the following courses:
- CSC 116 (C++)
  - Intro to advanced programming and C++
- CSC 225 (Java)
  - Data structures and algorithms I
- CSC 226 (Java)
  - Data structures and algorithms II
  - Testers are in the automatic testers folder
- CSC 230 (Assembly)
  - Intro to assembly and embedded systems
- CSC 370 (SQL)
  - Database Systems
  - Complex SQL queries using PostgreSQL
- SENG 265 (C and Python)
  - Software development methods and testing techniques
  - Testers are in the automatic testers folder
- SENG 275 (Java)
  - Software Testing
  - An introduction to the testing of large-scale systems and testing techniques 
  - Testing using various tools such as JUnit, Selenium, and H2
- SENG 321
  - Requirements Engineering
- SENG 360 
  - Security Engineering
- SENG 474 (Python)
  - Data Mining
- ECE 355 (C)
  - Microprocessor-Based Systems
- Automatic testers (Unix and Windows scripts)
  - Test scripts used for assignment testing
  
## Code contained from the Gradebook app project:
- Currently contained in a private branch, to view please reach out to me.

Commit message:

Add course files
Addeed Seng 474 reports, and added ECE 455 project report and source code.

README.md, after:

# Coding projects
- Collection of code from assignments, practice problems, projects, and other course work.

## Code contained from the following courses:
- CSC 116 (C++)
  - Intro to advanced programming and C++
- CSC 225 (Java)
  - Data structures and algorithms I
- CSC 226 (Java)
  - Data structures and algorithms II
  - Testers are in the automatic testers folder
- CSC 230 (Assembly)
  - Intro to assembly and embedded systems
- CSC 370 (SQL)
  - Database Systems
  - Complex SQL queries using PostgreSQL
- SENG 265 (C and Python)
  - Software development methods and testing techniques
  - Testers are in the automatic testers folder
- SENG 275 (Java)
  - Software Testing
  - An introduction to the testing of large-scale systems and testing techniques 
  - Testing using various tools such as JUnit, Selenium, and H2
- SENG 321
  - Requirements Engineering
- SENG 360 
  - Security Engineering
- SENG 474 (Python)
  - Data Mining
- ECE 355 (C)
  - Microprocessor-Based Systems
- ECE 455 (C)
  - Real Time Computer Systems Design Project
  - Techniques to guarantee deadline sensitive tasks complete by their deadline
  - FreeRTOS was used as the real time operating system
- Automatic testers (Unix and Windows scripts)
  - Test scripts used for assignment testing
  
## Code contained from the Gradebook app project:
- Currently contained in a private branch, to view please reach out to me.
